starting from robomaker and assuming the
hello world application has been
already downloaded let's build and
bundle the robot application and the
simulation application with culkin
let's go to the robot workspace
run the build command first
then run the bundle command which will
take some time to download the necessary
packages
let's build and bundle also the
simulation application
again the bundle command will take some
time to download all the necessary
packages
now that the applications are bundled we
need to create s3 bucket and copy the
robot and simulation applications to the
s3 bucket
now that the applications are bundled we
need to create s3 bucket
and copy the robot and simulation
applications to the s3 bucket
let's also create a bucket for the
simulation output
we can now copy the robot application
bundle to the created s3 bucket
now that the robot application is
uploaded we can create the configuration
for the robot application
which can be loaded in the simulation
job
this means specifying the robot
application name the bucket
the file containing the bundle
note the capitalization of letters
matter melodic has the first letter as
capital
and if not typed correctly an error is
thrown
when the creation of the application is
properly done the screen
outputs the corresponding json
configuration
we follow similar steps for the
simulation application
first copy of the simulation application
bundle to the s3 bucket
then creating the simulation application
configuration
additional options allow for specifying
the gazebo configuration
now we can create the simulation job by
going to the corresponding menu option
in robomaker
in the first screen we configure the
duration the raws version
the iam role created beforehand the s3
bucket for the simulation output
in the following screen we select the
robot application created before
configure the launch file for the robot
application and tools to run at the
beginning
next we configure the simulation
application by choosing the simulation
application created
the launch file and tools to run
it will take a few minutes for the
simulation to start
if necessary the simulation can be
stopped before the duration set
by choosing the action to cancel the
simulation
you